# 109590031_HW11-1

### **Question 1**

What is a system broadcast?

- A message that your app sends and receives when an event of interest occurs in the app.
- A message that is sent from an app to a different component of the same app.
- A message that the Android system sends when a system event occurs.
- A message that the Android system receives when an event of interest occurs in your app.



### Answer

- A message that your app sends and receives when an event of interest occurs in the app.



### **Question 2**

Which pair of methods do you use to register and unregister your broadcast receiver dynamically?

- `registerBroadcast()` and `unRegisterBroadcast()`.
- `registerComponentCallbacks()` and `unRegisterComponentCallbacks()`.
- `registerBroadcastReceiver()` and `unRegisterBroadcastReceiver()`.
- `registerReceiver()` and `unRegisterReceiver()`.



### Answer

- `registerReceiver()` and `unRegisterReceiver()`.



### **Question 3**

Which of the following are true?

- Broadcast receivers can't see or capture the intents used to start an activity.
- Using a broadcast intent, you can't find or start an activity.
- You can use a broadcast intent to start an activity.
- You can receive the intent used to start activity in your broadcast receiver.



### Answer

- Broadcast receivers can't see or capture the intents used to start an activity.



### **Question 4**

Which class is used to mitigate the security risks of broadcast receivers when the broadcasts are not cross-application (that is, when broadcasts are sent and received by the same app)?

- `SecureBroadcast`
- `LocalBroadcastManager`
- `OrderedBroadcast`
- `SecureBroadcastManager`



### Answer

- `LocalBroadcastManager`	