android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$bool
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$bool
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
android/support/v4/R.java
 android.support.v4.R
 android.support.v4.R$attr
 android.support.v4.R$bool
 android.support.v4.R$color
 android.support.v4.R$dimen
 android.support.v4.R$drawable
 android.support.v4.R$id
 android.support.v4.R$integer
 android.support.v4.R$layout
 android.support.v4.R$string
 android.support.v4.R$style
 android.support.v4.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$bool
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$bool
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
com/example/android/materialme/R.java
 com.example.android.materialme.R
 com.example.android.materialme.R$anim
 com.example.android.materialme.R$animator
 com.example.android.materialme.R$array
 com.example.android.materialme.R$attr
 com.example.android.materialme.R$bool
 com.example.android.materialme.R$color
 com.example.android.materialme.R$dimen
 com.example.android.materialme.R$drawable
 com.example.android.materialme.R$id
 com.example.android.materialme.R$integer
 com.example.android.materialme.R$layout
 com.example.android.materialme.R$mipmap
 com.example.android.materialme.R$string
 com.example.android.materialme.R$style
 com.example.android.materialme.R$styleable
 com.example.android.materialme.R$transition
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
com/example/android/materialme/Sport.java
 com.example.android.materialme.Sport
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android/support/graphics/drawable/animated/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$styleable
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$bool
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
android/support/v7/cardview/R.java
 android.support.v7.cardview.R
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
com/example/android/materialme/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.materialme.BuildConfig
android/support/mediacompat/R.java
 android.support.mediacompat.R
 android.support.mediacompat.R$attr
 android.support.mediacompat.R$bool
 android.support.mediacompat.R$color
 android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen
 android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable
 android.support.mediacompat.R$id
 android.support.mediacompat.R$integer
 android.support.mediacompat.R$layout
 android.support.mediacompat.R$string
 android.support.mediacompat.R$style
 android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$bool
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/example/android/materialme/MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.materialme.MainActivity
 com.example.android.materialme.MainActivity$1
com/example/android/materialme/DetailActivity.java
 com.example.android.materialme.DetailActivity
com/example/android/materialme/SportsAdapter.java
 com.example.android.materialme.SportsAdapter
 com.example.android.materialme.SportsAdapter$ViewHolder
