# 109590031 HW#4-1

### **Question 1**

If you run the homework app before implementing `onSaveInstanceState()`, what happens if you rotate the device? Choose one:

- The `EditText` no longer contains the text you entered, but the counter is preserved.
- The counter is reset to 0, and the `EditText` no longer contains the text you entered.
- The counter is reset to 0, but the contents of the `EditText` is preserved.
- The counter and the contents of the `EditText` are preserved.



### Answer 1

- The counter is reset to 0, but the contents of the `EditText` is preserved.



### **Question 2**

What `Activity` lifecycle methods are called when a device-configuration change (such as rotation) occurs? Choose one:

- Android immediately shuts down your `Activity` by calling `onStop()`. Your code must restart the `Activity`.
- Android shuts down your `Activity` by calling `onPause()`, `onStop()`, and `onDestroy()`. Your code must restart the `Activity`.
- Android shuts down your `Activity` by calling `onPause()`, `onStop()`, and `onDestroy()`, and then starts it over again, calling `onCreate()`, `onStart()`, and `onResume()`.
- Android immediately calls `onResume()`.



### Answer 2

- Android shuts down your `Activity` by calling `onPause()`, `onStop()`, and `onDestroy()`. Your code must restart the `Activity`.



### **Question 3**

When in the `Activity` lifecycle is `onSaveInstanceState()` called? Choose one:

- `onSaveInstanceState()` is called before the `onStop()` method.
- `onSaveInstanceState()` is called before the `onResume()` method.
- `onSaveInstanceState()` is called before the `onCreate()` method.
- `onSaveInstanceState()` is called before the `onDestroy()` method.



### Answer 3

- `onSaveInstanceState()` is called before the `onCreate()` method.



### **Question 4**

Which `Activity` lifecycle methods are best to use for saving data before the `Activity` is finished or destroyed? Choose one:

- `onPause()` or `onStop()`
- `onResume()` or `onCreate()`
- `onDestroy()`
- `onStart()` or `onRestart()`



### Answer 4

- `onPause()` or `onStop()`